you're with me everything is okay the
words of Karen Shem who's been reunited
with her daughter
M the 21-year-old was attending the Nova
desert Festival when she was taken
captive on October 7 Hamas later
released a video of her it was the proof
of Life her family
wanted Weeks Later Mia's mother finally
received confirmation she was finally
coming
home also released our siblings Aisha
and B ziden they were amongst six
Palestinian BNS taken captive their
father and a sibling are still amongst
those held in Gaza last week their
family which holds Israeli citizenship
spoke to Al
jazer there's a picture of Hamas
Fighters with four men detained on the
floor shirtless two of them are Hamza
and bow it's clear that they were
kidnapped for the first 2 weeks we
didn't know anything if they were alive
or dead we didn't know what had happened
to
them Thursday saw the lowest number of
captives released in a day just eight
including several foreign Nationals with
katar clarifying that two additional
captives released on Wednesday made up
the agreed number of 10 captives a day
the temporary ceasefire has been
extended a number of times and while all
parties say they're willing to continue
with that momentum Israeli defense
minister aav Galant has told senior
military staff to be ready for a quick
transition to full combat at any time
meeting with US Secretary of State
Anthony blinken he added that Israel
will resume air strikes in a ground
offensive if more captives aren't handed
over and while reports suggest that all
of the children held captive have been
returned to Israel the fate of the bius
family remains unknown Hamas claims that
an Israeli air strike killed a mother
and her two children including the
youngest captive at just 10 months it's
also released a video said to show their
father H's claims about the beus family
have not been verified I repeat they
still have not been verified and this
again emphasizes what mediators must
demand from Hamas the repatriation of
adults and children and the examination
of the medical condition of
hostages after being released
18-year-old Liam or posted this on
social media saying he fine and very
very happy moments like this have
confirmed to many in Israel that
extending the ceasefire is needed now
more than ever to ensure the return of
all the captives s Al jazer Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer